Update build-integrate-assets.md (#5234)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-integrate-assets.md

constructing parachain transactions, you can use `txwrapper-polkadot` exactly as on the Relay Chain,
but construct transactions with the appropriate parachain metadata like genesis hash, spec version,
and type registry.

> ### XCM Transfer Monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitoring of XCM deposits
```

Thanks to XCM and a growing number of parachains, {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} 
can exist across several blockchains, which means the providers need to monitor cross-chain transfers 
on top of local transfers and its corresponding `balances.transfer` events.

Currently {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} can be sent and received in the Relay 
Chain either with a [Teleport](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-teleport) from 
[system parachains](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-system-chains) or with a 
[Reserve Backed Transfer](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-xcm-pallet#transfer-reserve-vs-teleport) 

> from any other parachain. In both cases, the event emitted when processing the transfer is the `balances.desposited` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from any other parachain. In both cases, the event emitted when processing the transfer is the `balances.deposit` 
```

> event. Hence providers should listent for these events pointing to an addresss in their system. For this, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event. Hence providers should listen for these events pointing to an addresss in their system. For this, 
```

the service provider will need to query every new block that is created, loop through the events array, 
filter for any `balances.deposit` event and apply the appropriate business logic.

#### Tracking back XCM information

> What's previously stated will be sufficient to ensure {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What has been mentioned earlier should be sufficient to confirm that {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} 
```
